Dialog: examples and text improvements (#22671)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmldialogelement/close/index.md

      openCheck(dialog);
    });

    // Form close button closes the dialog box
    closeButton.addEventListener("click", () => {
      dialog.close("animalNotChosen");
      openCheck(dialog);
    });
  })();
</script>
```

> If the "X" button was of `type="submit"`, the dialog would have closed without requiring JavaScript. A form submission closes the `<dialog>` it is nested in (no `.close()` function required) if the [form's method is `dialog`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/form#attr-method).

Reviewer: Perhaps just a little easier to parse

```suggestion
If the "X" button was of `type="submit"`, the dialog would have closed without requiring JavaScript. A form submission closes the `<dialog>` it is nested within if the [form's method is `dialog`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/form#attr-method), so no "close" button is required.
```

### Result

{{ EmbedLiveSample('Examples', '100%', '200px') }}

> > **Note:** You can find this example on GitHub as [htmldialogelement-basic](https://github.com/mdn/dom-examples/blob/main/htmldialogelement-basic/index.html)

Author: ```suggestion
```

      openCheck(dialog);
    });

    // Form close button closes the dialog box
    closeButton.addEventListener("click", () => {
      dialog.close("animalNotChosen");
      openCheck(dialog);
    });
  })();
</script>
```

If the "X" button was of `type="submit"`, the dialog would have closed without requiring JavaScript. A form submission closes the `<dialog>` it is nested within if the [form's method is `dialog`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/form#attr-method), so no "close" button is required.

### Result

{{ EmbedLiveSample('Examples', '100%', '200px') }}

> > ([see it live also](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/htmldialogelement-basic/)).

Author: ```suggestion
```
